.TH lnpdump 1 "November 2004" "Stephan Höhrmann" "Lego Infrared Packet Monitor"
.SH NAME
lnpdump - Packet monitor for Lego infrared communication

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lnpdump [ options ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B lnpdump
is a packet monitor that decodes transmissions from Lego bricks that are
equipped with an infrared transceiver. A lego tower must be connected to the
PC for this program to work.

.SH OPTIONS
Below is a summary of the
.B lnpdump
options:
.TP
.B -a, --all
Dump data of packets even if they are broken or cannot be interpreted.
.TP
.B -d DEVICE, --device=DEVICE
Set the device the Lego tower is connected to. If this option is not present,
the device name is taken from the RCXTTY environment variable or the built-in
default value in the given order.
.TP
.B -f, --fast
Set the transmission speed to 4800 baud instead of 2400 baud.
.TP
.B -h, --help
Show this summary.
.TP
.B -m N, --mask N
Set the host:port bit mask value used to decode LNP addressing layer messages.
The default value is 0xf0 so that address 0x85 is decoded as 0x08:0x05 (host
8, port 5).
.TP
.B -p, --noparity
Turn on legOS compatibility mode. BrickOS/legOS Versions before 0.2.5.2 used a
slightly different serial protocol (no parity bit instead of odd parity).
.TP
.B -r, --raw (implies --all)
Dump all received data, including keepalive bytes and broken packets. However,
bytes that form a valid package are still displayd as a block.

.SH NOTES
This program is based on the lnphost library and should work on any posix
compilant operating system. USB support is currently only available under
Linux.


.SH AUTHOR
Stephan Höhrmann <stephan@hoehrmann.de>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2004 Stephan Höhrmann.
.P
lnpdump is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.
.P
lnpdump is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
.P
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
lnpdump; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place,
Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA
.P
This is free software, released under the terms of the GNU General Public
License.

